BOI License

Version 1.0 - June 2013

Copyright (C) 2013 - Francesc Auli-Llinas


1. Definitions.

1.1) "This license" refers to version 1.0 of the BOI License.

1.2) The "source code" means the form of the work for making modifications to it. "Object code" means any non-source form of the work. "Documentation" means any type of documents accompanying the work.

1.3) "This work" or "this program" refers to all the source code, object code, documentation, and other materials received under this license.

1.4) "The copyright holder" refers to the author/s of the program.

1.5) To "modify" this work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work in a fashion requiring copyright permission. The resulting work is called a "modified version" of the earlier work or a work "based on" the earlier work.


2. General conditions.

2.1) This program, its updates, modifications, or extensions can only be downloaded through the means established by the copyright holder. By accepting this license you accept the collection of your personal information, which will not be made public unless permission is granted by you. Collected information will only be used for statistical purposes and to receive updates, modifications or extensions of this program when indicated so.

2.2) This program is only for private use. It can be executed, modified and extended only for your private use. "Private use" means that the program will only be employed in your personal computers, or servers with your personal account. Any use that involves others in addition to you is explicitly forbidden by this license. Any modified version of this work is only for private use and can not be made public or propagated in any form. Any modification of the program must keep this license and the version of this program.

2.3) This work, or any work based on it, can not be employed for other purposes others than your private use. The source code, object code, documentation, or any part of them, can not be included in other programs or software libraries. Any type of commercial benefit that you may obtain by the use of this program or its propagation is forbidden and would make you directly or secondarily liable for infringement under applicable copyright law.

2.4) This work can not be propagated to others. To "propagate" means to do anything with it that, without permission, would make you directly or secondarily liable for infringement under applicable copyright law, except executing it on a computer or modifying a private copy. Propagation includes copying, distribution (with or without modification), making available to the public, and in some countries other activities as well. Propagation that enables other parties to make or receive copies are also not permitted under this license.

2.5) When this program is used for purposes that include any type of publication, the program, the version of the program, and the copyright holder must be properly referenced and attributed. "Publications" means any type of article, documentation, web page, or other forms of dissemination that grants access to others in addition to you. The form in which this work must referenced must include: copyright holder, program name, program version, public site from which the program was downloaded, and download date.


3. Other usage agreements with the copyright holder.

3.1) All conditions expressed in Section 2 of this license can be revised and and/or new ones can be added when an agreement with the copyright holder is reached. The agreement must be in the form of a document that expresses the conditions of the agreement. This agreement must be signed by the copyright holder and the party with which the agreement is reached. Any other form of agreement is not valid.


4. Revised versions of this license.

4.1) This license can be revised from time to time. No one other than the copyright holder of this license has the right to modify it. Each new version of this license will be given a distinguishing version number. The program is always subject to the version of the license under which it was received.


5. Disclaimer of warranty.

5.1) There is no warranty for the program, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Except when otherwise stated in writing, the copyright holder provides the program "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the program is with you. Should the program prove defective, you assume the cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction.


6. Limitation of liability.

6.1) In no event unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, will the copyright holder be liable to you for damages, including any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use the program (including but not limited to loss of data or data being rendered inaccurate or losses sustained by you or third parties or a failure of the program to operate with any other programs), even if such holder or other party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.


7. Interpretation of Sections 5 and 6.

7.1) If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided above cannot be given local legal effect according to their terms, reviewing courts shall apply local law that most closely approximates an absolute waiver of all civil liability in connection with the program.
